If I was given $1,000 dollars in funding I would make a team of scientists, doctors, and programmers like myself to create on a program which could map out a person's body using data from a computed tomography scans, X-rays, and magnetic resonance imaging. The program would start by creating a representation of the patients skeleton based on his height, weight, and factors like his appearance. Then if the patient is diagnosed for some sort of issue relating to his body, a mark would be placed on the skeleton of the patient. This map of the patient would be accessible to both the doctor as well as the patient throughout the patients life. As more problems with the patient are found more markers will be placed on the skeleton. This would improve a doctor's accuracy in diagnosing problems because the doctor would have a visual representation of all the problems the patient has had throughout his life. It could also show doctors a correlation between certain problems which could lead to recognizing signs of cancer way faster than what is possible now. When any scans are done on the person they could be rendered onto the skeleton with a mark that would open up all the images taken by the scan. Also using the pictures from the scan doctors could recognize and predict where various problems like tumors, infarction, and hemorrhages are. For patients who have had multiple scans of their body, an entire map of the patients body could be shown as well as all problems the patients has had. While it would cost a lot more than $1,000 to create the entire program, $1,000 would be enough to create a beta of the program to show to doctors and patients. I would then take the beta to investors like F-Prime Capital Partners and Boston Medical Investors so I could build up a large budget to pay the people working on the project. In conclusion this program would improve the accuracy of a doctor's diagnosis and would also help doctors and patients find early signs of diseases like cancer.